So with this code we'll take a look at Spark stages.
Let's go to that Master UI.
If we click on the Stages tab,
we'll see Completed Stages which are many reading CSV files,
show string and collect.
Let's take a look at a collect at the end
because reading CSV file will only show a file scan at one point.
Notice also the duration is much.
The shortest duration is probably this one.
So let's take a quick look.
So you can see a single stage here.
There was a file scan map partition and then that partition internally.
In the stages tab you can select on show additional metrics.
You can take a look at event timelines so it shows like there was
a scheduler delay and Task Deserialization Time an executor computing time.
This is what is really important because it
actually shows how much your executor is taking to compute this.
Relatively slow, eight millimeters, eight millisecond.
When you look at this,
also their information of tasks right now we only have one of these but
once your partitions and the number of nodes grow you'll see a bunch of these tasks grow.
So let's take a look at the last collect for detailed stages.
Here you can see the lineage here: file scan, map partition.
Even though there are many different types of transformation we applied,
it will only really show map partition.
Since we're using the Python it'll just show iPython instead of
little more detailed information when we're using Scala vs Python,
but here you can see the input size and the records which is kind of important to know.
Because when we go back,
if I do facilities df.count you all get the same number 3,756.
So this probably shows information about the facility to DF not the tiers DF,
which is another Data Frame we create in.
If we do that count here this will be 1475.
You can say that, let's take a look at this.
If it was a smaller number of collect.
Here you can see the input size was in kilobytes which is kind of not
useful but you can see the record of that being batches with tiers data frame.
Also these counts are generated by the counts that I've
just ran and you can see there was input
there was a shuffle read and then there was a shuffle write because we did an action.
It does have some kind of write, action wars there.